Gavin: Geoffrey, what are we doing?
Geoff: Uhh, Gavin challenged me to jump rope through my leg because he can do it and he's 23.
*All Laugh*
Gavin: No!
Geoff: That didn't count?
Gavin: You gotta hold on to the leg the whole way.
Geoff: Oh you gotta hold onto it?
*Gavin Laughing*
*All laugh*
Geoff: Alright, one more try! I got this!
*Gavin bursts into laughter*
Geoff: I did it!
Gavin: Did you hold o-
Gavin: Did you stay balanced?
Geoff: Yeah I stayed-
Gavin: No you didn't.
Geoff: Oh, I didn't stay balanced.
*Millie laughing*
*Gavin squeaks*
*More Gavin Squeaks*
Gavin: How was that buddy?
Geoff: It was good!
*Gavin Laughs*
Geoff: I still think I can do it.
Millie: Do it!
*Gavin noises*
Geoff: I'm very old...
Geoff: Ah, that hurts so bad...
Gavin: Right, you gotta end up stood on the same leg, but with your other leg behind you.
Geoff: Yeah.
Gavin: Here we go.
*Gavin noises*
Millie: Yes!
Millie: You did it!
Griffon: Hold on, let me get ready.
Griffon: I'll stretch.
Gavin: I don't wanna be held responsible if you break stuff.
Gavin: Was that you stretching?
*Griffon laughing*
Griffon: Alright *Giggle* That's enough of that!
Griffon: Oh! I didn't stand up again, but I got over my leg!
Gavin: That was good I mean yo-
Griffin: And it didn't hurt.
Geoff: I did that and he didn't say it was good.
Griffin: No, it hurts...
*Gavin laughing*
Gavin: Hows- Hows your spine?
Griffon: My whole right side is paralysed!
Gavin: Did you just break your back?
Griffon: Uhm, No but I think i'm no longer able to use this section of my body.
Gavin: So you have to be..stood up when you finish, OK?
Griffon: Oh!...No, Oh!
Geoff: You OK?
Griffon: I hope so.
Geoff: Is that it, you've given up?
*Gavin and Griffon laugh*
Gavin: So..
Gavin: You were just on camera, and you like broke your hand open.
Griffon: Can I get some ice?
Gavin: Yeah.
Griffon: Ah!
Gavin: It might be broken.
Geoff: Can I point out that-
Gavin: So- So Team- Team leg jump.
Gavin: Geoff, you uh- you took 4 attempts.
Geoff: But I did it!
Gavin: And uh- you-
Gavin: You made-
Griffin: 4 attempts?!
Geoff: But I did it.
Gavin: You made what was the loudest thud on the ground I've ever heard.
Gavin: Griffon, you jumped over your leg every time but you...broke your finger in half.
Griffon: Yeah, landing is not my strong point.
Geoff: I'd like to-
Griffon: I think i fucked it up.
*Gavin laughs*
Griffon: I think I fucked up!
Geoff: I'd like to point out that at the end, I did it...
Geoff: And...
Gavin: Yeah! You did do it.
Gavin: although my phone crashed and kinda didn't show it but..
*All laugh*
Geoff: I'd also- I'd also like to point out that..
Geoff: DICK PUNCH!
*Gavin in pain*
Gavin: He got me in the gennies!
Gavin: He got me right in the genitalia.
Griffon: I'm sorry.
Gavin: Got a feeling he got me in the nob.
*Gavin and Griffon laugh*
Gavin: We're all in pain now.
Griffon: Yeah.
Gavin: Except for Geoff..
Griffon: So it was an unsuccessful evening.
Gavin: Yeah, Geoff's not in pain!
Griffon: Let's figure out a new challenge for him.
Gavin: You've got a bent finger and i've got a bent cock.
*Griffon laughs*
Griffon: We match!
*Both laugh*
Gavin: Ahh shit.
Griffon: Ah it hurts so bad.
Geoff: Uhhh last night was a mistake..
*Griffon laughs*
Geoff: I can't feel my leg.
Griffon: Lemme see.
Geoff: Alright.
Geoff: I can go like this, and then..Ah Ah OK!
Geoff: That's as far as it goes.
Griffon: Look at what you did to my finger.
Gavin: I feel bad, but i did say before you broke your finger "I won't be held responsible for anything you BREAK"
Gavin: So..I cleared myself on that one.
Griffon: Ya' know what..Gavin?
Griffon: You're an asshole.
Gavin: He punched me in the nob.
Griffon: Thank you for doing that.
Millie: Uhh, I can-
Griffon: Well you saw daddy fall on his face!
Millie: Yeah.
Geoff: How did you feel about that?
Millie: *Giggles* Silly..
Geoff: Yeah, silly.
Griffon: You're a bad influence.
Gavin: I am, that's why i'm here.
Geoff: They're trying to take America back, one drunken family at a time.
*All laugh*
Griffon: I've never had an X-ray before.
Doctor: Oh really?
Griffon: Yeah, it's my first one.
Doctor: Wow, damn that's cool.
Griffon: Yeah, very exciting.
Griffon: Oh, awesome.
Doctor: Let me blow it up for ya.
Doctor: OK, so we're looking at uh, this finger right here.
Doctor: So how did you do this?
Griffon: Uhm, my friend dared me to jump over my own leg...and uh, I didn't land it-
Griffon: and when I was trying to catch myself from falling, I hit my hand against the wall and it snapped my finger sideways.
Doctor: Well we all do silly things due to peer pressure from time to time.
Griffon: I'm a little old for peer pressure, but I guess i'm still affected by it.
Doctor: Yeah.
*Griffon laughs*
Griffon: I guess I have 2 fractures, 2 little like small fractures in the knuckle.
Griffon: It's in place still but uhm, they're cracked, my knuckles cracked-
Griffon: So i'm gonna have to go see some specialist about it and probably do physical therapy..
Griffon: So I don't have arthritis later.
*Griffon sighs*
Griffon: Thanks Gavin..